[WIP] Allow the open source orchestra to be injected with closed source components (#620)
unlimitedlabs/orchestra: docs/source/frontend.rst

########
Frontend
########

Below, we'll walk through the frontend portion of the codebase written in 

> React.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React. Note: the current Orchestra frontend is written in Angular.js. This
document describes a currently experimental migration to React.
```

***********
Compilation
***********

The frontend codebase uses the create-react-app starter as the base, so as to 

> ease the configuration process. As of current, we use an add-on called 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ease the configuration process. We currently use an add-on called 
```

``customize-cra`` to customize some of the webpack features that we need, so that

> we don't have to 'eject' from create-react-app just to use those functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we don't have to 'eject' from create-react-app just to use that functionality.
```

> Features that we use as of current:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Features that we override:
```

- ``babelInclude`` - this is to include compilation of our open-source design 

> system, as we do not precompile the design system before releasing an npm 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system (`metronome`), as we do not precompile the design system before
releasing an npm 
```

package.
- ``addWebpackExternals`` - this allows us to exclude certain packages from the 
webpack compilation. Right now, we are excluding React, ReactDOM, and ReactRedux

> as these packages are depended on for both the closed source portion of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so as to not duplicate the import of these packages in both the open and 
closed source portions of the
```

code. 

******************************
Closed-source Code Compilation
******************************

We integrate Orchestra with our closed-source product, and we had to figure out

> a way to inject closed source components in the open source world. Here are some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a way to inject closed source step components in the open source shell. Here is how to
```

> advice on how you can implement this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implement this for your closed source step components.
```

The closed source portion of the codebase would be compiled, and the compiled 
scripts would be included in the open source portion of the codebase. We include
these scripts programmatically, by injecting the script tags into the compiled

> ``index.html`` You can customize which scripts to be injected by modifying the 

Reviewer: ...modifying the VARIABLE_NAME variable of the ``orchestra/settings.py`` file.
